README.md, before:

# Declarative Programming Streams

A list of active declarative programming streams:

- [avh4](https://www.twitch.tv/avh4):
  - Speaking: EN
  - Programming Languages: Elm
  - Schedule: Available on [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/avh4/about)
- [chiroptical](https://twitch.tv/chiroptical):
  - Speaking: EN
  - Programming Languages: **Haskell**, Purescript, Unison
  - Schedule: T/R 7:30-10:30 PM EST
- [gillchristian](https://twitch.tv/gillchristian):
  - Speaking: EN
  - Programming Languages: TypeScript (fp-ts), Haskell, Purescript, Reason, Rust
  - Schedule: Thursdays 6:00 PM UTC ([gillchristian.yxz/stream](https://gillchristian.xyz/stream))
- [kerckhove_ts](https://www.twitch.tv/kerckhove_ts)
  - Speaking: EN
  - Programming Languages: Haskell
  - Schedule: Streams announced on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/kerckhove_ts)
  
##### Contributing

Streamers should be in alphabetical order by their Twitch ID. Streamers should be actively streaming on Twitch.
Streaming should be focused on functional or logic programming. If you focus mostly on one language feel free to make it bold.
Format for an addition:

- \[_<id\>_](<url\>/_<id\>_\):
  - Speaking: <comma separated languages, e.g. RU, EN\>
  - Programming Languages: <comma separated languages, e.g. Haskell, Elm\>
  - Schedule: <link\> _OR_ <string\>

Commit message:

Add clarification about the term active

README.md, after:

# Declarative Programming Streams

A list of active (see [active](#active) for how we define active) declarative programming streams:

- [avh4](https://www.twitch.tv/avh4):
  - Speaking: EN
  - Programming Languages: Elm
  - Schedule: Available on [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/avh4/about)
- [chiroptical](https://twitch.tv/chiroptical):
  - Speaking: EN
  - Programming Languages: **Haskell**, Purescript, Unison
  - Schedule: T/R 7:30-10:30 PM EST
- [gillchristian](https://twitch.tv/gillchristian):
  - Speaking: EN
  - Programming Languages: TypeScript (fp-ts), Haskell, Purescript, Reason, Rust
  - Schedule: Thursdays 6:00 PM UTC ([gillchristian.yxz/stream](https://gillchristian.xyz/stream))
- [kerckhove_ts](https://www.twitch.tv/kerckhove_ts)
  - Speaking: EN
  - Programming Languages: Haskell
  - Schedule: Streams announced on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/kerckhove_ts)

##### Active

The term "active" considers two components: frequency and consistency. The list should consider streamers with a
good frequency (>=1 stream per month) but consistency is important for many folks. Look for schedules or links to
a schedule for consistent streamers.

##### Contributing

Streamers should be in alphabetical order by their Twitch ID. Streamers should be actively streaming on Twitch.
Streaming should be focused on functional or logic programming. If you focus mostly on one language feel free to make it bold.
Format for an addition:

- \[_<id\>_](<url\>/_<id\>_\):
  - Speaking: <comma separated languages, e.g. RU, EN\>
  - Programming Languages: <comma separated languages, e.g. Haskell, Elm\>
  - Schedule: <link\> _OR_ <string\>
